resources.md, before:

# Resources

## Resources Used to Create This Site

The following resources have been consulted in order to create this site:

+ Wikipedia page about the 2016 parliamentary elections in Iceland: "[Icelandic parliamentary election, 2016](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icelandic_parliamentary_election,_2016)"
+ Wikipedia page about the 2017 parliamentary elections in Iceland: "[Icelandic parliamentary election, 2017](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icelandic_parliamentary_election,_2017)"
+ Detailed 2016 election results by Iceland Monitor: "[General Elections 2016 in Iceland](http://icelandmonitor.mbl.is/elections2016/)"
+ Detailed information about the Icelandic electoral system in the IPU PARLINE Database: "[ICELAND (Althingi), Electoral system](http://www.ipu.org/parline-e/reports/2143_B.htm)"

## Similar Websites

The following websites provide similar information to this website:

+ [Electograph – Iceland](http://www.electograph.com/search/label/Iceland)

## Other Resources

+ The Twitter feed for this site: [@norpolls](https://twitter.com/is_polls)
+ The GitHub project for this site: [filipvanlaenen/icelandic_polls](https://github.com/filipvanlaenen/icelandic_polls)

## Sister Websites

+ [Belgian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/belgian_polls/)
+ [British Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/british_polls/)
+ [Catalonian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/catalonian_polls/)
+ [Flemish Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_polls/)
+ [Norwegian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/norwegian_polls/)
+ [Walloon Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/walloon_polls/)

Commit message:

Added a link to the Atom feed

resources.md, after:

# Resources

## Resources Used to Create This Site

The following resources have been consulted in order to create this site:

+ Wikipedia page about the 2016 parliamentary elections in Iceland: "[Icelandic parliamentary election, 2016](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icelandic_parliamentary_election,_2016)"
+ Wikipedia page about the 2017 parliamentary elections in Iceland: "[Icelandic parliamentary election, 2017](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icelandic_parliamentary_election,_2017)"
+ Detailed 2016 election results by Iceland Monitor: "[General Elections 2016 in Iceland](http://icelandmonitor.mbl.is/elections2016/)"
+ Detailed information about the Icelandic electoral system in the IPU PARLINE Database: "[ICELAND (Althingi), Electoral system](http://www.ipu.org/parline-e/reports/2143_B.htm)"

## Similar Websites

The following websites provide similar information to this website:

+ [Electograph – Iceland](http://www.electograph.com/search/label/Iceland)

## Other Resources

+ The Twitter feed for this site: [@norpolls](https://twitter.com/is_polls)
+ The Atom feed for this site: [atom.xml](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/icelandic_polls/atom.xml)
+ The GitHub project for this site: [filipvanlaenen/icelandic_polls](https://github.com/filipvanlaenen/icelandic_polls)

## Sister Websites

+ [Belgian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/belgian_polls/)
+ [British Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/british_polls/)
+ [Catalonian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/catalonian_polls/)
+ [Flemish Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_polls/)
+ [Norwegian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/norwegian_polls/)
+ [Walloon Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/walloon_polls/)
