20171028/index.md, before:

# Overview

The table below lists the most recent polls (less than 30 days old) registered and analyzed so far.

| Period                                                     | Polling firm/Commissioner(s)           | D                                  | V                                                   | P              | B                                                | C              | A           | S                                                  | F                                               | T            | R            | E            | M               | PERF             |
|:----------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------:|:--------------:|:------------------------------------------------:|:--------------:|:-----------:|:--------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:---------------:|:----------------:|
| 28 October 2017                                            | General Election                       | 25.2% <br> 16                      | 16.9% <br> 11                                       | 9.2% <br> 6    | 10.7% <br> 8                                     | 6.7% <br> 4    | 1.2% <br> 0 | 12.1% <br> 7                                       | 6.9% <br> 4                                     | 0.1% <br> 0  | 0.2% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 10.9% <br> 7    | N/A              |
| N/A                                                        | [Poll Average](average.html)           | 20–26% <br> 13–19                  | 15–22% <br> 10–16                                   | 8–12% <br> 5–8 | 6–13% <br> 4–9                                   | 6–10% <br> 4–6 | 1–3% <br> 0 | 11–17% <br> 7–12                                   | <strike>3–6%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | 0–1% <br> 0  | 0–1% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 8–13% <br> 5–8  | 10/11 <br> 10/11 |
| [23–27 October 2017](2017-10-27-Zenter.html)               | Zenter                                 | 20–25% <br> 13–18                  | 17–22% <br> 11–16                                   | 8–12% <br> 5–8 | 8–12% <br> 5–8                                   | 6–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–3% <br> 0 | <strike>13–17%</strike> <br> <strike>8–12</strike> | <strike>3–6%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | 0–1% <br> 0  | 0–1% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 8–12% <br> 5–8  | 9/11 <br> 9/11   |
| [26–27 October 2017](2017-10-27-MMR.html)                  | MMR                                    | <strike>19–24%</strike> <br> 13–17 | 14–19% <br> 10–13                                   | 9–13% <br> 6–9 | 10–14% <br> 6–9                                  | 7–10% <br> 4–6 | 1–3% <br> 0 | 11–15% <br> 7–10                                   | <strike>3–6%</strike> <br> 0–4                  | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | 10–14% <br> 6–9 | 7/9 <br> 9/9     |
| [23–27 October 2017](2017-10-27-Gallup.html)               | Gallup                                 | 23–27% <br> 16–19                  | 16–19% <br> 11–13                                   | 8–10% <br> 5–7 | <strike>8–10%</strike> <br> <strike>5–6</strike> | 7–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–2% <br> 0 | <strike>14–17%</strike> <br> <strike>9–12</strike> | <strike>3–5%</strike> <br> <strike>0</strike>   | 0% <br> 0    | 0–1% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 8–11% <br> 5–8  | 8/11 <br> 9/11   |
| [22–25 October 2017](2017-10-25-Felagsvisindastofnun.html) | Félagsvísindastofnun <br> Morgunblaðið | 23–26% <br> 15–18                  | <strike>19–22%</strike> <br> <strike>12–16</strike> | 8–10% <br> 5–6 | <strike>7–9%</strike> <br> <strike>4–6</strike>  | 7–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–2% <br> 0 | <strike>14–17%</strike> <br> <strike>9–12</strike> | <strike>3–5%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | 8–11% <br> 5–7  | 5/9 <br> 5/9     |
| [23–24 October 2017](2017-10-24-Frettabladid.html)         | Fréttablaðið                           | 22–26% <br> 15–19                  | 17–21% <br> <strike>12–16</strike>                  | 8–11% <br> 5–8 | <strike>5–7%</strike> <br> <strike>3–5</strike>  | 6–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–3% <br> 0 | <strike>13–16%</strike> <br> <strike>9–11</strike> | <strike>3–5%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | 8–11% <br> 5–8  | 6/9 <br> 5/9     |
| 29 October 2016                                            | General Election                       | 29.0% <br> 21                      | 15.9% <br> 10                                       | 14.5% <br> 10  | 11.5% <br> 8                                     | 10.5% <br> 7   | 7.2% <br> 4 | 5.7% <br> 3                                        | 3.5% <br> 0                                     | 1.7% <br> 0  | 0.3% <br> 0  | 0.2% <br> 0  | 0.0% <br> 0     | N/A              |

Only polls for which at least the sample size has been published are included in the table above.

**Legend:**
+ **Top half of each row:** Voting intentions (95% confidence interval)
+ **Bottom half of each row:** Seat projections for the Alþingi (95% confidence interval)
+ **D:** Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn
+ **V:** Vinstrihreyfingin – grænt framboð
+ **P:** Píratar
+ **B:** Framsóknarflokkurinn
+ **C:** Viðreisn
+ **A:** Björt framtíð
+ **S:** Samfylkingin
+ **F:** Flokkur fólksins
+ **T:** Dögun
+ **R:** Alþýðufylkingin
+ **E:** Íslenska þjóðfylkingin
+ **M:** Miðflokkurinn
+ **PERF:** How well the pollster did in terms of number of results within the 95% confidence interval
+ **N/A (single party):** Party not included the published results
+ **N/A (entire row):** Calculation for this opinion poll not started yet


![Graph with voting intentions not yet produced](average.png "Voting Intentions")

![Graph with seats not yet produced](average-seats.png "Seats")
![Graph with coalitions seats not yet produced](average-coalitions-seats.png "Coalitions Seats")

Commit message:

Updated the index page for the 28 October 2017 election

20171028/index.md, after:

# Overview

The table below lists the last polls (less than 30 days old) before the 28 October 2017 election. The full list can be reviewed [here](all.html).

| Period                                                     | Polling firm/Commissioner(s)           | D                                  | V                                                   | P              | B                                                | C              | A           | S                                                  | F                                               | T            | R            | E            | M               | PERF             |
|:----------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------:|:--------------:|:------------------------------------------------:|:--------------:|:-----------:|:--------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:------------:|:---------------:|:----------------:|
| 28 October 2017                                            | General Election                       | 25.2% <br> 16                      | 16.9% <br> 11                                       | 9.2% <br> 6    | 10.7% <br> 8                                     | 6.7% <br> 4    | 1.2% <br> 0 | 12.1% <br> 7                                       | 6.9% <br> 4                                     | 0.1% <br> 0  | 0.2% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 10.9% <br> 7    | N/A              |
| N/A                                                        | [Poll Average](average.html)           | 20–26% <br> 13–19                  | 15–22% <br> 10–16                                   | 8–12% <br> 5–8 | 6–13% <br> 4–9                                   | 6–10% <br> 4–6 | 1–3% <br> 0 | 11–17% <br> 7–12                                   | <strike>3–6%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | 0–1% <br> 0  | 0–1% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 8–13% <br> 5–8  | 10/11 <br> 10/11 |
| [23–27 October 2017](2017-10-27-Zenter.html)               | Zenter                                 | 20–25% <br> 13–18                  | 17–22% <br> 11–16                                   | 8–12% <br> 5–8 | 8–12% <br> 5–8                                   | 6–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–3% <br> 0 | <strike>13–17%</strike> <br> <strike>8–12</strike> | <strike>3–6%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | 0–1% <br> 0  | 0–1% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 8–12% <br> 5–8  | 9/11 <br> 9/11   |
| [26–27 October 2017](2017-10-27-MMR.html)                  | MMR                                    | <strike>19–24%</strike> <br> 13–17 | 14–19% <br> 10–13                                   | 9–13% <br> 6–9 | 10–14% <br> 6–9                                  | 7–10% <br> 4–6 | 1–3% <br> 0 | 11–15% <br> 7–10                                   | <strike>3–6%</strike> <br> 0–4                  | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | 10–14% <br> 6–9 | 7/9 <br> 9/9     |
| [23–27 October 2017](2017-10-27-Gallup.html)               | Gallup                                 | 23–27% <br> 16–19                  | 16–19% <br> 11–13                                   | 8–10% <br> 5–7 | <strike>8–10%</strike> <br> <strike>5–6</strike> | 7–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–2% <br> 0 | <strike>14–17%</strike> <br> <strike>9–12</strike> | <strike>3–5%</strike> <br> <strike>0</strike>   | 0% <br> 0    | 0–1% <br> 0  | N/A <br> N/A | 8–11% <br> 5–8  | 8/11 <br> 9/11   |
| [22–25 October 2017](2017-10-25-Felagsvisindastofnun.html) | Félagsvísindastofnun <br> Morgunblaðið | 23–26% <br> 15–18                  | <strike>19–22%</strike> <br> <strike>12–16</strike> | 8–10% <br> 5–6 | <strike>7–9%</strike> <br> <strike>4–6</strike>  | 7–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–2% <br> 0 | <strike>14–17%</strike> <br> <strike>9–12</strike> | <strike>3–5%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | 8–11% <br> 5–7  | 5/9 <br> 5/9     |
| [23–24 October 2017](2017-10-24-Frettabladid.html)         | Fréttablaðið                           | 22–26% <br> 15–19                  | 17–21% <br> <strike>12–16</strike>                  | 8–11% <br> 5–8 | <strike>5–7%</strike> <br> <strike>3–5</strike>  | 6–9% <br> 4–6  | 1–3% <br> 0 | <strike>13–16%</strike> <br> <strike>9–11</strike> | <strike>3–5%</strike> <br> <strike>0–3</strike> | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | N/A <br> N/A | 8–11% <br> 5–8  | 6/9 <br> 5/9     |
| 29 October 2016                                            | General Election                       | 29.0% <br> 21                      | 15.9% <br> 10                                       | 14.5% <br> 10  | 11.5% <br> 8                                     | 10.5% <br> 7   | 7.2% <br> 4 | 5.7% <br> 3                                        | 3.5% <br> 0                                     | 1.7% <br> 0  | 0.3% <br> 0  | 0.2% <br> 0  | 0.0% <br> 0     | N/A              |

Only polls for which at least the sample size has been published are included in the table above.

**Legend:**
+ **Top half of each row:** Voting intentions (95% confidence interval)
+ **Bottom half of each row:** Seat projections for the Alþingi (95% confidence interval)
+ **D:** Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn
+ **V:** Vinstrihreyfingin – grænt framboð
+ **P:** Píratar
+ **B:** Framsóknarflokkurinn
+ **C:** Viðreisn
+ **A:** Björt framtíð
+ **S:** Samfylkingin
+ **F:** Flokkur fólksins
+ **T:** Dögun
+ **R:** Alþýðufylkingin
+ **E:** Íslenska þjóðfylkingin
+ **M:** Miðflokkurinn
+ **PERF:** How well the pollster did in terms of number of results within the 95% confidence interval
+ **N/A (single party):** Party not included the published results
+ **N/A (entire row):** Calculation for this opinion poll not started yet


![Graph with voting intentions not yet produced](average.png "Voting Intentions")

![Graph with seats not yet produced](average-seats.png "Seats")
![Graph with coalitions seats not yet produced](average-coalitions-seats.png "Coalitions Seats")
